quickstart.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Quickstart'
description: 'Start building awesome documentation in under 5 minutes'
---

## Setup your development

Learn how to update your docs locally and and deploy them to the public.

### Edit and preview

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion icon="github" title="Clone your docs locally">
    During the onboarding process, we created a repository on your Github with
    your docs content. You can find this repository on our
    [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com). To clone the repository
    locally, follow these
    [instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository)
    in your terminal.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion icon="rectangle-terminal" title="Preview changes">
    Previewing helps you make sure your changes look as intended. We built a
    command line interface to render these changes locally. 1. Install the
    [Mintlify CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mintlify) to preview the
    documentation changes locally with this command: ``` npm i -g mintlify ```
    2. Run the following command at the root of your documentation (where
    `mint.json` is): ``` mintlify dev ```
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

### Deploy your changes

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion icon="message-bot" title="Install our Github app">
  Our Github app automatically deploys your changes to your docs site, so you
  don't need to manage deployments yourself. You can find the link to install on
  your [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com). Once the bot has been
  successfully installed, there should be a check mark next to the commit hash
  of the repo.
</Accordion>
<Accordion icon="rocket" title="Push your changes">
  [Commit and push your changes to
  Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository#about-git-push)
  for your changes to update in your docs site. If you push and don't see that
  the Github app successfully deployed your changes, you can also manually
  update your docs through our [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com).
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

## Update your docs

Add content directly in your files with MDX syntax and React components. You can use any of our components, or even build your own.

<CardGroup>

<Card title="Style Your Docs" icon="paintbrush" href="/settings/global">
  Add flair to your docs with personalized branding.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Add API Endpoints"
  icon="square-code"
  href="/api-playground/configuration"
>
  Implement your OpenAPI spec and enable API user interaction.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Integrate Analytics"
  icon="chart-mixed"
  href="/analytics/supported-integrations"
>
  Draw insights from user interactions with your documentation.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Host on a Custom Domain"
  icon="browser"
  href="/settings/custom-domain/subdomain"
>
  Keep your docs on your own website's subdomain.
</Card>

</CardGroup>

Commit message:

Documentation edits made through Mintlify web editor

quickstart.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Quickstart'
description: 'Start assessing the productivity of your enginners'
---

## Setup your development

Learn how to update your docs locally and and deploy them to the public.

### Edit and preview

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion icon="github" title="Clone your docs locally">
    During the onboarding process, we created a repository on your Github with
    your docs content. You can find this repository on our
    [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com). To clone the repository
    locally, follow these
    [instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository)
    in your terminal.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion icon="rectangle-terminal" title="Preview changes">
    Previewing helps you make sure your changes look as intended. We built a
    command line interface to render these changes locally. 1. Install the
    [Mintlify CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mintlify) to preview the
    documentation changes locally with this command: ``` npm i -g mintlify ```
    2. Run the following command at the root of your documentation (where
    `mint.json` is): ``` mintlify dev ```
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

### Deploy your changes

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion icon="message-bot" title="Install our Github app">
  Our Github app automatically deploys your changes to your docs site, so you
  don't need to manage deployments yourself. You can find the link to install on
  your [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com). Once the bot has been
  successfully installed, there should be a check mark next to the commit hash
  of the repo.
</Accordion>
<Accordion icon="rocket" title="Push your changes">
  [Commit and push your changes to
  Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository#about-git-push)
  for your changes to update in your docs site. If you push and don't see that
  the Github app successfully deployed your changes, you can also manually
  update your docs through our [dashboard](https://dashboard.mintlify.com).
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

## Update your docs

Add content directly in your files with MDX syntax and React components. You can use any of our components, or even build your own.

<CardGroup>

<Card title="Style Your Docs" icon="paintbrush" href="/settings/global">
  Add flair to your docs with personalized branding.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Add API Endpoints"
  icon="square-code"
  href="/api-playground/configuration"
>
  Implement your OpenAPI spec and enable API user interaction.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Integrate Analytics"
  icon="chart-mixed"
  href="/analytics/supported-integrations"
>
  Draw insights from user interactions with your documentation.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Host on a Custom Domain"
  icon="browser"
  href="/settings/custom-domain/subdomain"
>
  Keep your docs on your own website's subdomain.
</Card>

</CardGroup>
